-[ISKA] Get down!
-[gunfire]
[Iska grunting]
Ah.
[grunts]
♪
[MIZERHYBY]
Finally.
I got one of you to show.
Fall back!
Go without me!
[MISMIS]
No, we won't!
I'll be fine.
I can handle this.
Now, go!
♪
Oh, I see, you're former
Saint Disciple Iska
-aren't you?
-[laughs]
Are you here
to rescue a helpless girl.
Or are you here
to steal my exquisite earring?
Where is Sisbell?
[MIZERHYBY]
Yes, where is she, indeed?
[ISKA] [gasps]
What's that light?
[MIZERHYBY]
If you survive this
I'll make you
a glowing pawn, too.
-[fingers snap]
-[ISKA] Ready.
For the glory!
OUR LAST CRUSADE OR
THE RISE OF A NEW WORLD
[SALINGER]
Hydra, this has gone too far.
Not your disrespectful
treatment
of the people's Queen
How dare you attack Mira!
-Who gave you the right?!
-[explosion] -[screen shatters]
You brought upheaval
to the Sovereignty
with your slight.
You will reap what you sow.
I shall expose your actions
for the world to see!
Come forth!
If you have knowledge
of Gregorio's secret spell
So the spell is above us?
I'm done with you!
[fir roaring]
[VICHYSSOISE]
The planet is rife with anger.
Where's the spell?
Is it here?
[tapping]
Not here.
But this is where you will die.
Great
"Salinger the Transcendent?"
Yum
It's a shame
I'll have to evaporate you.
Here's what's happening.
You've heard
of Tri-Stage, Fusion.
When you have
a powerful human
and they become one
with an astral spirit
they transcend
to a new level of mage.
In the entire history
of this planet
only two people were able
to achieve this feat.
The Founder Nebulis
For decades
to achieve fusion
for themselves.
Including experimenting
on their own people.
And you're one
of their test subjects.
It's Vichyssoise.
I hate being called
a test subject.
Use my name, will ya?
[SALINGER] Oh, you want me
to remember your name?
Your arrogance is too great
for your own good, girl.
I'll pass.
Man.
How sad.
A has-been mage
as though their curtain
hadn't dropped.
You haven't got a clue, girl.
Look at me
The stage comes to life
around me!
-Hear me, I shall say it again.
-[wind whooshing]
Please, I think I've earned
a round of applause!
-[electricity crackling]
-[explosion]
[all gasps]
What's going on here?!
-[rumbling]
-[CYSTEA] It's Salinger.
Salinger.
Jhin, do you remember
that name?
Not a bit.
And since we don't
[NAMI] "Big deal"
doesn't do him justice!
He's dangerous.
The man's our nation's
most-wanted criminal!
Thirty years ago
he's the one
who attacked our former Queen!
[NAMI] Cystea, surely
Soldiers are shouting his name.
Captain Mismis, the enemy's
security is occupied.
Now's our chance to escape!
Hm.
All right.
Let's evacuate, fast.
Hm.
[ALICE] There was a large
explosion at Snow the Sun?!
[RIN] Lady Alice, please
But, Sisbell...
[ALICE]
Does that mean they were found?
Iska and the others.
Are they all right?
[TALISMAN]
This is a serious problem.
[laughs]
It's only been a few days
since the Empire's assault.
One could assume there
may be soldiers in hiding.
-You, come here, please.
-Sir?
Send in the guard.
[SOLDIER 212A]
It's not the Empire.
-It's Salinger the Demon!
-[all gasps]
Are you certain
this is the truth?
[SOLDIER 212A]
Yes, it's true.
The security cameras
got a positive
facial recognition match.
-Rin.
-What?
I know nothing about this
The last time I ever saw him
was in Alcatroz.
After he broke out of prison
no one was able
to track him down!
Salinger.
What have you done, and why?
[ALICE] If Salinger's been
off the grid for this long
why has he chosen
to show up now?
[clapping]
Let's continue our meeting.
We've identified the culprit.
Our forces will maintain order.
[ON (MASKED LORD)]
That's quite unlike you.
Hm?
The infamous demon
hides for years.
Why would he suddenly
launch an attack now?
It's a question
we should all ask.
And one you would
normally ask first.
He targets Snow the Sun
Perhaps you know his motive?
I have no idea
what he's after.
We'll catch him
then interrogate him
until we find out.
You think your men
can catch that demon?
We're prepared for anything.
The Empire could strike
at any moment
so we've been ready.
[ALICE]
Not good.
That means he'll be prepared
to fight off Iska and his team.
[fire roaring]
[groaning]
Hmm
That was enhanced
by three levels, at the best.
Now, get up
and fight like you mean it!
How long are you
going to feign defeat?
Vichyssoise did warn me.
She said never assume
you've won
even if you have sliced him
into a dozen pieces.
make sure he's actually dead.
That's rather extreme.
My goodness, you are alive!
Are you sure
you're not immortal?
Positive.
Also, I'm hurt.
I wasn't pretending.
[ISKA] Is she able to channel
her astral energy
through another mage's spirit?
Those flames.
Her ability did more than
just enhance the attack.
Trying to figure out
what my ability might be?
[chuckles]
The more you know
and you'll second-guess
yourself.
Hm.
[MIZERHYBY] And when you
second-guess yourself
-you die.
-[earing clanking]
Wait, there's more?!
Yes, sir, and pretty soon
[fingers snap]
Mines?
[fire roaring]
[groans]
I'm pulling out
all the stops by using
two pawns for one
measly assassin.
Too warm of a welcome, perhaps?
[grunting]
No! What? You
withstood that, too?!
[grunts]
Did you think...
-[gasps]
-...you got me?!
[sword clanks]
Ugh!
Too close for comfort.
Just close enough.
Return my earring, fiend!
Why? It can't be
that important, right?
It's mine!
♪
We've both got something
each other wants!
Keep that in mind!
[laughs]
You and your astral art
are pretty
but thankfully
Here, this is how you
turn up the heat!
[taps]
♪
[SALINGER] Do not attack me
with your filthy
synthetic flame.
[VICHYSSOISE]
What a tool!
An astral mage
can't summon flames like this.
It doesn't matter
if the Founder's blood
is flowing through your veins
or if you're the most talented
mage on this planet.
Nothing compares
to the power of a witch
fused with an astral spirit!
[sighs]
You have one trick
[explosion]
Say what you will, mage.
You must know you're done!
Your Water-Reflection skill
can siphon power
from astral spirits
and the royals
may fear you for it.
But please
Your ability is weak.
Especially compared to--
You are the epitome of naivety
you have no semblance
or grace.
Not surprising
from a girl like you.
You've seen the tip
of the spear
yet you're still cocky enough
to assume you know
the full extent of my power?
[sighs]
[VICHYSSOISE] You've got
my attention, pretty boy!
Incinerating you too soon
would be
a mighty waste
of our entanglement.
Let's see how you handle
the sting of my Magic Bullet!
Astral spirit
of exploding earth
blast from the earth
with your tectonic rage!
[rumbling]
[SALINGER] A performer
has many hidden talents.
-All of which can kill you.
-Shut up!
You're pathetic.
You're just a monster
who's all bark and no bite.
[thuds]
[SALINGER]
Hmm. She's gone.
Who possessed
the skill to infiltrate
this facility before I did?
[gasps]
Snow?
[GRUGELL]
Imperial soldier!
Stop right there!
[ISKA]
Grugell?!
♪
[GRUGELL]
Hm. You.
You're the ex-Saint Disciple.
Iska, was it?
Hm.
[grunts]
[groaning]
[GRUGELL]
You're going to regret using me
for your own gain.
[ISKA]
Using you?
What are you talking about?
While I'd love to soak in
the sight of your discomfort
I have a few bones to pick
with those little
friends of yours.
They shall die.
Pierce him!
-[grunts]
-[shatters]
Come on, release!
[GRUGELL] [gasps]
It can't be.
Are these Mizerhyby's flames?!
Curse you, disciple!
-[gasps]
-[thwacks]
I can finish
this on the battlefield.
[grunts]
Alice.
Have you learned of any news
in Sisbell's rescue effort?
No, not yet.
If there was an update
Ah, I see.
Mother
that I can't stop
thinking about.
About Salinger, right?
[ALICE] Yes.
Why is he here?
And why is he attacking
Snow the Sun?
I don't have
the slightest idea.
The incident 30 years ago
ended our relationship.
I couldn't tell you
what's going through his mind
after all these years.
♪
To think, the man
who attacked the Queen
escaped because of me.
I was unable to stop
the Empire.
And I could not quell
the minister's fears
during the meeting.
A true shame.
I am unfit to be Queen.
Uh. That's not true!
Don't say that!
Alice...
losing the Queen's election
is not an option.
If you fail to win
the Sovereignty as we know
it could collapse.
I hear you
for the future.
Truly, I do.
But, Mother...
Please, keep your chin up.
I need you to keep going.
To save the Sovereignty
there is still much
to accomplish.
Like what?
While I work on saving Sibell
I need to remain close
to support you.
♪
[ALICE] I don't want to feel
the way I did before.
The anger, the grief.
They make one irrational.
The truth is, I can't save
everything on my own.
The Imperial Army's assault
forced me to realize that...
[chuckles]
We're a team.
Iska.
All of us!
[ISKA]
I gotta keep moving, or else.
[explosions]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[ISKA]
Huh?
[MIZERHYBY]
Former Saint Disciple.
You stole something of mine.
[Iska scoffs]
And I would like it back.
Is this how you negotiate?
No, dear.
I do not negotiate
with insects!
I crush the life out of them!
Howlers! Kill him!
[fingers snap]
[groans]
Sound attack?
-[wailing]
-[groaning]
That's a smart move.
[slicing]
This wall should
block out the sound.
But still...
She knows exactly
where I'm at
so I'm as good as trapped.
Huh?
-Explosion this time?
-[fire roaring]
[grunting]
[MIZERHYBY]
This is just the beginning.
You haven't seen
the true power of my pawns yet.
Set ablaze.
[sword clanks]
[fire roaring]
-Uh-Huh!
-That almost killed me.
I'm not falling for it again.
Release of Stars!
You vex me.
Tranquility, sweep away!
[grunting]
You Imperial worm!
Just how much power
are you going to make me use?
Would you die already!
Ugh. No can do.
[ISKA]
This princess.
She's extremely powerful.
And dangerous.
[MIZERHYBY] Attack him
with everything you've got.
I don't care
if you destroy the earring.
Just make sure
to leave absolutely
no trace of this filth.
Kill him!
[fire roaring]
Release Of Stars!
[air gusting]
[grunting]
[explosion]
Something has interfered?
[electricity crackles]
[ISKA]
What just happened?
No.
Don't waver.
There's no time
to second-guess it!
[gasps]
Hm.
[VICHYSSOISE] Now you're just
enjoying yourself.
You are old, demon
[laughs]
Oh, that's cute.
You turned back
into a human rather fast.
What's wrong, my little witch?
Don't want the researchers
to see their ugly mistake?
Will you shut up, grandpa?
I'll catch up with you
soon and end this!
Your face irks me.
We're done here.
[electricity crackling]
[gasps]
Be gone from this realm
-[groans]
-[electricity crackling]
[VICHYSSOISE] You're about
to see a real witch.
You will fear me.
Is that your attempt
at a curse?
[fire roaring]
[electricity crackling]
[MIZERHYBY] I grow tired
of all these uninvited guests.
[SALINGER] Princess of Hydra
Give me Gregorio's
secret spell!
Oh, that?
I'm afraid it's not here.
Missed it by a hair.
Someone stole it
just before
your grand entrance.
Fine.
Then give me
the real secret spell.
[MIZERHYBY]
Huh?
[SALINGER] You're trying
to tell me Hydra's blueprint
to create a monster was stolen?
Don't lie to me.
That was just a replica
with a fragment
of the real data.
You have the original
You will demand
nothing from me!
Ungrateful old rat!
I will show you
the true power
of royal lineage!
"Nobility comes not from blood
but from one's philosophy."
You're blinded by
the arrogance of noble birth.
Having an astral spirit
means nothing
without the will to grow it!
How can you claim the blood
when you lack the courage?
[exhales]
[MIZERHYBY]
You've a big mouth!
At least
Claim whatever name you want
but do not speak down to me!
[electricity crackling]
[fire roaring]
Where is the original?
Like I'd ever reveal
that to you.
This is where you'll die
[SHANOROTTE]
Whatever it is, it's not good.
Snow the Sun glowed red
I have no idea
what's going on in there.
[COMM OFFICER 212A]
What about the demon?
Or the Sun Royalty?
I'm not seeing
anyone from here.
But still, it's intense.
Seems that demon
and Mizerhyby may be
settling a disagreement
with their fists.
My suggestion?
We should fall back
immediately.
And that is it from the field.
[gasps]
[groaning]
Oh, I'm so sorry about that.
It's like people say...
"You're so tall
how much physical space
you take up!"
Huh?
Mismis?
Wait, Noro?
[SHANOROTTE] Strange.
Why would a captain
from the Imperial Army
be in the Central Province?
[grunts]
You're coming with me
[JHIN]
Hey, boss. This way!
-[panting]
-[SHANOROTTE] Get back here!
That woman's Imperial!
Arrest her right away!
[RIN]
I updated Lady Alice.
I reported that
was still missing
you found Schwartz
captured in the basement.
[ISKA] Right.
We took photos as proof.
Hm.
Proving that Lou's servant
is being held captive
by the Hydra family is huge.
It will be enough to make
Talisman back off.
By the way, where is Salinger?
Salinger?
You didn't run into him
at Snow the Sun?
Hm. I haven't seen
any signs of him.
Interesting.
We can use Snow the Sun's
surveillance footage
to try and find him.
[JHIN]
Okay, it opened.
Here it is.
[clicks]
[NENE]
Hmm.
There are two encrypted files
that look like bad news.
But there does appear
to be one that we can open.
[JHIN] What are these numbers
with symbols?
[NENE]
Maybe the date and time?
If it is, they left
the top place last night
then entered the Empire
territory this morning.
From the travel speed
I wonder what sort of
payload they flew out?
[RIN]
Can't be.
There are no airfields
in the direction
the plane's going.
Wait, then what?
The symbols start
at Hydra's private property.
If a private plane
is leaving at this time
we may have a lead.
You think it's her?
It's Sisbell?
If it is Sisbell
and we rescue her
from Empire territory
we could jeopardize
our status, too.
You pledged to rescue
Lady Sisbell.
It's non-negotiable.
[JHIN]
We understand our mission.
But from our team's position
we can't infiltrate Imperial
territory like we did here.
Back me up, boss.
Yes, he's right.
I also think helping you
directly puts us
in a compromised position.
I have a proposal
that may help us both.
If you're willing.
[MISMIS]
Of course!
You may not have rescued
Lady Sisbell as promised
but we will still allow you
to leave, unharmed.
In exchange
you must agree
to one condition.
And what condition is that?
To bring a Sovereign spy.
You'll return
to the Empire like normal
but with them in tow.
-Sorry?
-That's not a bad idea.
Honestly, it's the best
we can do
given our current situation.
Exactly.
Basically, we'll leave
the Sovereignty
with a spy following us.
Once we cross
into Imperial territory
we wait.
Take a long pause
outside the facility
where they're holding Sisbell.
Then your spy will infiltrate
and do what they must, right?
Hm.
Boss, what do you think?
Considering we can't leave
the Sovereignty
unless we agree
to this new proposal
it's the only option we have
But you understand...
once we're inside
if your spy fails
to rescue Sisbell
that's the end of the road.
We won't be able to help.
We can't betray
the Empire any further.
I won't ask for more.
It's on us at that point.
This is all we can offer.
It's our last negotiation.
If Lady Alice agrees
to the plan, we have a deal.
[ALICE]
I understand, Rin.
So, let's move forward
with the plan you proposed.
To be honest
but I simply can't right now.
[RIN] Under
the current circumstances
I think it's best for you
to stay home.
I know.
My mother needs me
by her side.
It must be a surrogate.
[RIN] Right.
One that's qualified.
This spy will have
an immense responsibility.
They must understand
the current situation
and have the ability
to rescue Lady Sisbell
when the time comes.
Thank you, Rin!
For what?
[ALICE]
She's my sister.
I can only assign
this mission to someone
I trust whole-heartedly.
Of course, it has to be
someone you trust.
This is a sensitive matter.
Which is why I was going
to suggest Kisasage--
[ALICE]
They won't do.
We have strict criteria.
[sobbing]
They must know Iska
and his team.
Officially
but in reality
Listen.
Lady Alice, please.
[ALICE]
What is it?
You know this better
than anyone.
I hate the Empire
to an astonishing degree.
Just seeing their territory
on the map
almost causes me
to convulse uncontrollably.
If someone like me
goes to the Empire
I'm afraid I'll...
[whimpering]
[ALICE] I'm ordering you
to accompany Iska and his team
to the Empire
and rescue Sisbell.
It's an honorable mission.
You're the only one
who can do it!
You know
what you've gotta do, Rin!
[RIN] [crying]
But I don't wanna go!
[sighs]
It's gonna be okay
♪
-Iska.
-Alice.
Thank you.
[ALICE, ISKA]
Next stop.
The Empire.
♪